ARCHBOM-1339: add ADRs for extracting waffle_utils (#24798)
edx/edx-platform: openedx/core/djangoapps/waffle_utils/docs/decisions/0002-waffle-utils-extraction.rst

Waffle Utils Extraction
***********************

Status
======

Draft

Context
=======

The waffle utilities in this app were created in edx-platform, but are generally useful across IDAs.

Decision
========

These utilities will be be moved to `edx/edx-toggles`_ so that they can be used by other IDAs. Additionally, the shared library will use the module name ``toggles``, rather than ``waffle_utils``, so it can more generally include non-waffle based toggle utilities as well.

.. _edx/edx-toggles: https://github.com/edx/edx-toggles

Consequences
============

> * Rollout plan required to deprecate and move to moved classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rollout plan required to deprecate and update class references.
```
